    https://codepen.io/wolfcolfenor/pen/vYGpNPr?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? Meaningful tags to describe code
    2. What is HTML used for? Used for web development to display data in a graphical form
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Supplies data to an element such as an image source.  It is placed after a tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? The most important text How many times should I use it on a page? once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes a and img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <!DOCTYPE html>
    7. What is an id? a name for a specific HTML element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any HTML element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? Specifies a class name for an element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? unlimited
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? add target="_blank" inside the <a> tag
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? pecifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed
    15. How do I reference an id? id="name" in html and #name in css
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div section denotes a contained section of code, div has no semantic meaning
    17. What is CSS used for? Adding style to html
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. H2 {
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use 	      each one class can be use for multiple elements and would be used if you wanted the same style on multiple sections.  id is for one specific element and would be used for example for just your header
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?  p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github? 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push - origin firstname-lastname
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Fork, clone, branch, commit, push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 